well how do you there internet people
it's Bo again so today we're going to
talk about rewriting history because
there is a common complaint you're
rewriting history we don't want to
rewrite history and that sounds good
because it evokes this idea when you say
you're rewriting history it sounds very
Orwellian the problem is we rewrite
history all the time as we gather more
information as we get a clearer picture
of what happened history gets rewritten
it's constant history is a living thing
as we get new information we are
obligated to rewrite history it doesn't
end it will continue to go on forever as
we get further away from the date in
question
whatever that date is will determine
whether or not it was historically
significant whether or not it's history
or whether or not it's something that
gets relegated to a dustbin becomes an
anecdote a cool story and then we also
get to look back and say wow at the time
we didn't think this was important but
it led to this this and this and it
becomes historical when at the time it
it may not have seemed it may not it
seemed important as near as I can tell
there are two types of people who say
this don't rewrite history the first
group are people who've just given up on
learning they learned history in high
school or college and they want
everybody to stick to this agreed-upon
narrative because then they don't have
to learn anything new so one group is
just lazy but then that's the smallest
group the much larger group are people
who aren't actually interested in
history what they don't want rewritten
is American mythology
you know you have people who say this
don't rewrite history when you're
talking about Columbus you know if you
bring up the actual impacts of his
visits people get a little upset because
it it undermines this image of him as a
hero this image of him as this great
person
the reality is historical figures are
people people are flawed people make
mistakes and leaving out the impacts of
his visits
that's rewriting history
that's Orwellian that's when you're
removing something that that's part of
the story that's tangible that has to be
there for it to make any sense the same
thing happens with Pocahontas her and
John Smith were in love no that's not
true that that's not history that's
mythology the Disney version of that
story is not history it's made up but
it's what people want to believe because
they don't want to accept that many of
their heroes were flawed
I would suggest that rewriting history
is incredibly important every time we
get get a new piece of information every
time the hindsight picture becomes more
clear we have to rewrite history I would
suggest that it's the only way to write
a positive future because history
doesn't repeat but the tune is the same
a lot of times and we need to be aware
of the notes so we don't make the same
mistakes again anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night